# IMAD-ASSIGNMENT

                                                                             AGE CONVERSION

                                                                   
The name of my mobile application is Age Conversion. My application is used to educate some people who do not know some great legends that passed away years ago. Since digital platforms play a significant role in education history, applications can offer users an engaging experience while they get to explore the past using the application. My application will be vulnerable to students and educators and some people who might have an interest in learning about history. We are living in a digital world right now my application will the costs of people having to travel to buy books and it will be much easier for everyone to have accessibility no matter where they are around the world regardless of the individuals socioeconomic background. My application inspires the curiosity you might have had as a user about the activities which occurred in the past. This will show appreciation of our human heritage around the world. By digitizing my application will ensure that important historical information is not lost or forgotten overtime. People who want to learn about history can always use the mobile application anytime they want. The information is easily searchable and navigable. The application is designed to fulfill the users' needs based more the information that they want to learn about history
My application will offer wealth information about historical events and periods. My application will be interactive because the user will be inserting values to get information which will help with engagement. This will be very entertaining for users. My app serves as a valuable resource for learning about everything which happened and occurred in the past and assists you gain more knowledge. My aim is to break geographical barriers. The users who will be using the application will get to know the achievements of the past which will end up making users find inspiration that informs their perspectives on contemporary issues. This will help to facilitate connections amongst history enthusiasts. The mobile application which I created will unite users found in communities together because they want to engage and learn about what happened in the past and share their thoughts together. The font sizes which I used are clear which will give everyone the ability to learn without having any difficulties with what they are reading. The background picture and text enhance readability for all users. This foster learning for every user that will be using the mobile application.

The UI which is designed by me is user-friendly. You do not need experience for you to be able to use my mobile application, it's easy for users to use. It has clear navigation of content. Every user can browse through different historical topics and learn about much information without having any difficulties with using the mobile application. The information accessed on the app is organized into themes and topics. The application makes it easier for users to find relevant information. This app makes it much easier for users to quickly locate specific content. My application incorporates multimedia such as images which you see as user when you enter the app on the first page. This will make the user have a lot of imagination before even entering the app capturing the user's attention to think about the people of the past. This will give users insights about what they are going to find in the mobile application. This will provide a more enchanting exploration of history for all the users who will be using the mobile application. The Ui which I designed on the first page is eye catching and the background grabs your whole attention. The coloring of the UI attracts you more in wanting to engage and see what the app of history holds for you.

The other features are made to engage users actively and promote deeper learning of historical concepts. My application does not limit people to due to the kind of device they use whether it's a laptop, phone and tablet or more users are able to use the mobile application. This will give you the best experience regardless of the device you might be using to access the mobile application.
GitHub and GitHub actions play an important role in the development and maintenance of my mobile application. It helps with tracking changes on the mobile application and to move back to the previous versions if new versions might have been introduced it will be much easier for you as a developer to navigate your way back to the previous version. This makes the app stay organized during the development of the mobile application. Many developers can collaborate on the app codebase, and I can do the same as the developers. This ensures the code quality and for developers to share feedback regarding the mobile application you made. It helps developers to report bugs and suggest enhancements and it ensures that the users feedback is done immediately. GitHub reduces the errors that are done manually. It ensures that updates are released reliably and efficiently. It breaks down tasks into smaller components. It helps developers to network with each other and learn more no matter where they are. It helps with open-source projects. It offers contributions from the broader developer community. It allows projects of any size from small sources up to large sources. The development workflow found in GitHub and GitHub actions can lead to more reliable and efficient software projects.

It provides a platform for developers and other users to engage with each other by sharing codes or seeking assistance when you are struggling with a project you are currently working on at the moment. It promotes knowledge. While using GitHub you do not have stress about your information of application getting lost or if you want to go back to your old versions it makes it easier for users to navigate their way back in case, they might face any challenges based on their new version. It makes it much easier for users to manage their work in one place and it is much easier for you to track all the changes that have been made in an application. It simplifies the process of building software. Using GitHub is not cost effective, which makes it to be much easier for everybody to have the right access to use resources and gain knowledge from it. It helps with access controls to protect sensitive information. It helps in maintaining a clean codebase.

In conclusion my history application will play an increasingly important role based on the sharing of our collective past for future generations. While technology keeps on evolving every day. It helps to democratize access to historical knowledge. Creating a history app will help a lot of people in the future because in the next coming generations technology can take over books. Some users might not be interested in reading a book so once some users see a perfect and good-looking UI, they will want to find out about what happened in the past. The mobile application will inspire a lot of people to learn about history especially the youth who do not like reading books my application will reduce the time they take on social media platforms and this will make them to gain more knowledge about history.

References 




This is the link of my video at youtube below
https://youtu.be/2HhCz9ApI8c?si=BjuEcxzrAAoC5ovp

This are the images which i used for my assignment in andriod studio
https://th.bing.com/th?id=OIP.0dwLr6wIdZjbap0snLlGrQHaKd&w=210&h=297&c=8&rs=1&qlt=90&o=6&pid=3.1&rm=2

 
data:image/jpeg;base64,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
